Hello and Welcome to the exclusive Feed Lioden Guide for March event by Hisoka.
If this is leaked outside the clan without credit I will stand outside your house dressed as Jack Nicholson Joker and trust me, I have the same scary smile he does. Nor does the rain bother me any.

The best things you're gonna wanna use/have to yield the best results of farming Rhino Beetles
⦁	Hyena Butter [If you aren't doing claim quest
⦁	Bone Marrow (x1 per day)
⦁	Tropical Forest Unlocked.
• Do Poacher Chase everyday.

Once you have all the above; excluding Hyena Butter if you can't afford and/or need to claim.
First go to Tropical Forest. Keep in mind the following factors while exploring.
⦁	Will this trigger a fight? 
⦁	It's a vehicle; I should avoid it.
⦁	Gorilla cage, I better release the Gorilla.
⦁	All animals, don't go for. 75% chance of it being trap or energy eater.

When it comes to poacher encounters you are always best off trying your best avoiding a fight with them *UNLESS* you are at like 5 or less energy then go for it. No sense in taking the chance for another event.

The primary choices you're gonna wanna go with are as followed:

Poacher(s) [not tree guy]
⦁	Maul
⦁	Rage [Only on low energy as this WILL consume 10%]
⦁	Bluff Charge
⦁	Agitate [May trigger fight]
⦁	Deep Growl [May hurt your karma a little but, this RB farming]
⦁	Disarray
⦁	Diversion [Only under 5% energy as it will burn 10]
⦁	Fray
⦁	Lure Stampede [God is this one fun]
⦁	Roar
⦁	Scare
⦁	Scrap
⦁	Sneak
⦁	Slash
⦁	Stand Proud. [5% or less Energy.
⦁	Take Cover [free food! no RB though]
⦁	Terrify

Now let's move on to the Animals;
Abandoned Cub: Mentor  [-5% energy though]
Elephant with Vultures: Don't even bother. Waste of energy/food.
Orphan Hyena: Not worth bothering all results aren't RB based. 
Cheetah Cub: No RB based rewards.
Addax Calf: Only bother if you want meat then choose first option, skull then third.
Dead Serval: Sit Nearby for impression, Growl for skull.
Rhino: Just hide, it'll get you a skull and food.
Atlas Lion:  Admire him for 5% energy.
Ensnared Wolf: Always free for RB reward. And spare PP.
Caracal Cub:  Snarl for impression or avoid. 
Zebra Duiker: Kill or Guard, your choice. He does look mighty tasty.
Elephant with Calf: Nudge or Wait.  Nuding gets mouse with 12SB, Waiting Medium Meat Chunk both yield RB.


Vehicle Events:
⦁	Helicopter [Roar in the sky event]: Best: Investigating for most RB: Or hide for food.
⦁	Human tree guy: Sniff the Air
⦁	Jeep: Avoid unless you don't mind trying to fight. 6RB on Win
⦁	Truck: Avoid unless you don't mind trying to fight. 8RB on Win

If you have further questions feel free to ask in Discord. I'll do my best to help. PS Send all Villagers to Jessye. #BlameJessye2k19
